 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 [{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection sent a letter to the
complainant and/or respondent and the letter was returned as undeliverable."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection sent a letter to the
complainant and/or respondent and the letter was returned as undeliverable."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection sent a letter to the
complainant and/or respondent and the letter was returned as undeliverable."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection observed a violation
of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and issued a notice of
violation."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=resol... 1/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection received a letter or
phone call from the alleged dog owner in response to a letter or inspection."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=resol... 2/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection observed a violation
of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and issued a notice of
violation."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection received a letter or
phone call from the alleged dog owner in response to a letter or inspection."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=resol... 3/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. A message was left for the complainant at the
phone number provided."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. A message was left for the complainant at the
phone number provided."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires an
appointment to inspect this complaint type.  Complainant information was not provided and an
appointment could not be scheduled.  The complaint has been closed. If the problem still
exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint including your contact information."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=resol... 4/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 ,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. A message was left for the complainant at the
phone number provided."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=resol... 5/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=resol... 6/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection observed a violation
of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and issued a notice of
violation."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection sent a letter to the
complainant and/or respondent and the letter was returned as undeliverable."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=resol... 7/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection observed a violation
of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and issued a notice of
violation."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. The complaint was closed because attempts made
to contact the complainant by phone and/or letter received no response."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. The complaint was closed because attempts made
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=resol... 8/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 to contact the complainant by phone and/or letter received no response."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=resol... 9/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection attempted to contact
the complainant by phone, but the phone number provided was incorrect. If the problem still
exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint with the correct phone number. If you are
outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 10/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection observed a violation
of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and issued a notice of
violation."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 11/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection sent a letter to the
complainant and/or respondent and the letter was returned as undeliverable."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection observed a violation
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 12/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and issued a notice of
violation."}
,{}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. A message was left for the complainant at the
phone number provided."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection conducted an
inspection and determined that \"No Horn Honking\" or \"No Idling\" signs are warranted. A
request will be sent to the Department of Transportation to have the sign(s) installed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 13/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 14/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time. A letter will be sent
to the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 15/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 ,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection researched this
complaint and determined that it could be closed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 16/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 ,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection received a letter or
phone call from the alleged dog owner in response to a letter or inspection."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 17/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 18/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 19/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 20/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. A message was left for the complainant at the
phone number provided."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. A message was left for the complainant at the
phone number provided."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection conducted an
inspection and determined that \"No Horn Honking\" or \"No Idling\" signs are not warranted.
If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint. If you are outside of
New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. A message was left for the complainant at the
phone number provided."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 21/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection observed a violation
of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and issued a notice of
violation."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 22/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. The complaint was closed because attempts made
to contact the complainant by phone and/or letter received no response."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 23/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection observed a violation
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 24/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and issued a notice of
violation."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection observed a violation
of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and issued a notice of
violation."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 25/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection conducted an
inspection and determined that \"No Horn Honking\" or \"No Idling\" signs are not warranted.
If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint. If you are outside of
New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection sent a letter to the
complainant and/or respondent and the letter was returned as undeliverable."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 26/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. A message was left for the complainant at the
phone number provided."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. A message was left for the complainant at the
phone number provided."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. A message was left for the complainant at the
phone number provided."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 27/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection sent a letter to the
complainant and/or respondent and the letter was returned as undeliverable."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires an
appointment to inspect this complaint type.  Complainant information was not provided and an
appointment could not be scheduled.  The complaint has been closed. If the problem still
exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint including your contact information."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 28/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 ,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection sent a letter to the
complainant and/or respondent and the letter was returned as undeliverable."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 29/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 ,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 30/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection observed a violation
of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and issued a notice of
violation."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 31/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection received a letter or
phone call from the alleged dog owner in response to a letter or inspection."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. A message was left for the complainant at the
phone number provided."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection sent a letter to the
complainant and/or respondent and the letter was returned as undeliverable."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires an
appointment to inspect this complaint type.  Complainant information was not provided and an
appointment could not be scheduled.  The complaint has been closed. If the problem still
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 32/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint including your contact information."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires an
appointment to inspect this complaint type.  Complainant information was not provided and an
appointment could not be scheduled.  The complaint has been closed. If the problem still
exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint including your contact information."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 33/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 34/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is warranted to investigate this complaint."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection closed or canceled
this complaint at the complainant's request."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 35/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection observed a violation
of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and issued a notice of
violation."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. A message was left for the complainant at the
phone number provided."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection requires contact with
the complainant to investigate this complaint. A message was left for the complainant at the
phone number provided."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection conducted an
inspection and determined that \"No Horn Honking\" or \"No Idling\" signs are warranted. A
request will be sent to the Department of Transportation to have the sign(s) installed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that an
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 36/37
 1/30/2018 https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10 MANHATTAN&$select=res...
 inspection is not warranted to investigate this complaint at this time and sent a letter to
the complainant and/or respondent."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection did not observe a
violation of the New York City Air/Noise Code at the time of inspection and could not issue a
notice of violation. If the problem still exists, please call 311 and file a new complaint.
If you are outside of New York City, please call (212) NEW-YORK (212-639-9675)."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}
,{"resolution_description":"The Department of Environmental Protection determined that this
complaint is a duplicate of a previously filed complaint. The original complaint is being
addressed."}]
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/resource/fhrw-4uyv.json?complaint_type=Noise&borough=MANHATTAN&community_board=10%20MANHATTAN&$select=reso... 37/37
